[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Landing.JSX.
So now we want to make this
input also search as well.
>> Brian Holt: So this can no longer be a
status functional component unfortunately,
cuz we have to be able
to have methods on it.
So you can do a create class,
you can do Let's do an E6S class, so
I can show you what
the binding looks like, yeah.
>> Brian Holt: By the way, you would
not typically mix and match like this.
You'd usually pick one and stick to it,
but I want to get a flavor for both.
And you can make your own decisions
of what you like and what you don't.
But I'm gonna show you the really
annoying part of the ES61,
and why most people like not to use them.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so
I just converted this to an es6 class.
Not much going there.
>> Brian Holt: Okay now we need to plug
in this input to be able to accept events
right because right now stuff
happening is just not listening.
So we need to first let's
do the connector down here.
Connector(Landing) then we also
need to go imported up here so,
const  = require(./Store).
Okay, so now we're plugged into redux.
>> Brian Holt: So,
let's actually start using this down here.
So inputs can be
value= right,
because we're getting that from redux.
And onChange, this is going to
be .
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
Now we need to have a handle search term
event function, right.
So we're going to say,
handleSearchTermEvent.
Again, this is an ES6 class.
No commas here
>> Brian Holt: And
this takes an event by the way, (event).
This.props.setSearch term.
Bless you.
(Event.target.value).
>> Brian Holt: Bless you.
>> Brian Holt: Okay.
So, this would be enough in
react create class in terms of,
yeah, that's also we need to do next.
In terms of setting up this
handleSearchTermEvent.
However, there's a problem
with ES6 classes,
it doesn't do what's called
autobinding for you.
So this right here is actually
going to be incorrect.
This is going to refer to Window and
it's not actually going to refer
to our React.Component and
that's a problem because we're trying to
call the set search term off of property.
So this is gonna error unless we fix it.
And again, this is just automatically
fixed for you in reactor create class.
It's not fixed for you in ES6 components.
So You have to do this kinda messiness
that you're gonna do
a constructor right here.
That's gonna take him props.
And the first thing you do with there
is you have to put super(props) right?
And the reason for being for
that is this right here has to be
pass up to here to React.Component.
You have to be explicitly doing that.
React also doesn't do that for you.
So it's just boilerplate that you
just have to do every single time,
you have to remember.
If you don't do it,
react will yell at you, and
say, you need to pass up props and
that's what it's talking about.
Okay.
So now I have to say
this.handleSearchTermEvent =
this.handleSearchTermEvent.bind this.
For every method that I
create in this ES6 component,
I have to have a line in
my constructor like this.
>> Brian Holt: Does anyone find
that just incessantly annoying?
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I do.
>> Brian Holt: But that's why I'm going to
say most people elect, not to use these,
it's for this reason.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
Okay.
So, awesome handleSearchTermEvent
now updates our state.
But we have no way to submit
this to be able to actually
go to the search page, right.
Because you don't actually want to
just instantly go to the search page.
You could that's actually kind
of an interesting idea, right.
Since someone starts typing into the
Search bar that actually just pops up to
the top.
Haven't thought of that,
you could do that.
We're not going to though.
[LAUGH]
>> Students: [LAUGH]
>> Brian Holt: I want to make it so
when you hit Enter,
you go to the Search page, right.
So let's see how you do that.
The easiest way to do that and
the most I would say built for
the Internet way is just to use a form,
right.
So we're gonna say form.
And onSubmit = .
>> Brian Holt: All right,
just using an old school HTML form.
>> Brian Holt: Nice thing about onSubmit,
is anything that would fire off a submit
events, if they hit Enter or
if they hit a Submit button,
all the stuff would normally
work in HTML form works here.
So that's why I recommend.
As I like to call it
drawing within the lines.
>> Brian Holt: So,
now make a new method called gotoSearch.
>> Brian Holt: This is gonna,
also gonna take an event.
>> Brian Holt: And as you remember up
here you have to do this thing for
everything gotoSearch =
this.gottoSearched.bin (this).
Like I said it gets old real fast
especially when you know if you do
the other syntax it's just free.
>> Brian Holt: And the other thing is
we have to go grab hash history because
we have to use that.
Right? Right. Also to, no it's not there.
Why didn't I put them in my notes?
Good job Brian.
Okay, so up here I want to say
const  =
require
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
that's the way I did,
require('react-router'), right?
Cuz we're gonna be able to manipulate our
history here, which is what we wanna do.
>> Brian Holt: And we're gonna say,
hashHistory.push('search').
>> Brian Holt: The other
thing we need to do here,
like this is literally going
to be a form submit and
if you don't prevent default into the form
submit, it's actually gonna try and
really submit an HTML form to itself so
you have to do event.preventDefault.
This is going to actually prevent it
from trying to move to another page,
as HTML forms are bound to do.
>> Brian Holt: Questions?
This should work now, I believe.
>> Speaker 3: So you're navigating to
search in the state since it's not
connected to a view model.
It's going to stay from page to page?
>> Brian Holt: Say that one more time.
>> Speaker 3: So
you're not actually passing
the state of the value of the field.
>> Brian Holt: Nope.
>> Speaker 3: In Go to Search.
>> Brian Holt: Right because it's coming,
it's going to stay in redux right.
Redux is going to maintain
its state across pages.
Yeah.
So let's go check for works.
First let's make sure I
have any errors I do.
So prop types, let's to do that too.
And I have to do go down here to
do prop types so Landing.propTypes
lowercase = object and
it's going to grab those as well.
Const func and string.
I need func and I need string
=React.PropTypes capitalized.
And I'm gonna do searchTerm: string,
and setSearchTerm: func, okay.
Now if I save that,
just this part down here.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, now I'm not getting
any errors anymore so I should be okay.
Let's go back over here.
Let's go to some refresh,
go to the landing.
Let's type, I don't know like dare over
here or something like that and hit Enter.
And now I've searched
from the landing page.
>> Speaker 4: Can you go over what's
happening with hashHistory.push?
>> Brian Holt: Sure.
Momentarily, I think I want to point
out did we never make that work?
Did I just missed that?
I did, okay,
I must have missed the whole section here.
It supposed to be like click on
Daredevil to go to the details page and
I guess we never just made that work.
So let's finish questions and
then we'll just go to that.
Cuz that's not really
an interesting thing to do.
It's just to do, anyway.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
I'm just gonna follow up to that
hash history.
The web ask key is,
search the URL path that we're adding
to an array of all previous paths.
>> Brian Holt: Yes, that's not the ideas
it's a stack of your history, right.
So you keep pushing, it's, that's
also the name of the terminology for
the HTML5 history API this say like,
.push that takes you to a new place.
So, [COUGH] in this particular case you
can just think of it as like redirect,
redirect me to the search page, right?
Same idea.
Yeah.
I think it's the extent of the story.
It's just redirect me to
the search page is all.
>> Speaker 4: I mean, did you say that
this is not a normal form element?
>> Brian Holt: It is, yeah.
I mean if you like inspect element and,
inspect.
See?
It's normal form right there.
>> Brian Holt: That works
just like a normal form.